.\" Copyright (c) 2009, Konishchev Dmitry <konishchev@gmail.com>
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor,
.\" Boston, MA  02111-1301  USA.
.TH FLUSH "1" "Feb 15, 2009"
.SH NAME
Flush \- GTK\-based BitTorrent client

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B flush
[\fIOPTIONS\fR] [\fITORRENT_FILE\fR]...

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBFlush\fP is a GTK-based BitTorrent client. You can use it to download files from the BitTorrent network.
.TP
You can control already running instance, for example, by following commands:
.B flush \-o \-\-download\-rate\-limit=100
.br
.B flush \-\-start=all

.SH FEATURES
\fB*\fP Controlling running instance by command line interface, such as:
  \fB*\fP Starting/stopping torrents.
.br
  \fB*\fP Changing download/upload rate limit.
.br
  \fB*\fP Changing maximum connections limit.
.br
\fB*\fP Running many instances with different configs from the same user.
.br
\fB*\fP Automatic copying finished downloads to specified directory.
.br
\fB*\fP Setting custom download path for each file of the torrent.
.br
\fB*\fP Automatic torrents loading from specified directory.
.br
\fB*\fP Automatic pausing and removing old torrents.
.br
\fB*\fP Overall and current session statistics.
.br
\fB*\fP Creating your own torrent files.
.br
\fB*\fP IP filter.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-version
Show program version and exit.
.TP
.B \-\-help
Show help options and exit.
.TP
.B \-\-config=\fIDIRECTORY\fR
Configuration directory path (default: ~/.flush).
.TP
.B \-\-download\-rate\-limit=\fISPEED\fR
Set download rate limit (KB/s).
.TP
.B \-\-upload\-rate\-limit=\fISPEED\fR
Set upload rate limit (KB/s).
.TP
.B \-\-max\-uploads=\fINUMBER\fR
Set maximum uploads.
.TP
.B \-\-max\-connections=\fINUMBER\fR
Set maximum connections.
.TP
.B \-\-start=\fI{all,downloads,uploads}\fR
Start torrents.
.TP
.B \-\-stop=\fI{all,downloads,uploads}\fR
Stop torrents.
.TP
.B \-o, \-\-only-pass
Only pass commands to already running Flush instance. Does not start new instance if it is not running yet.

.SH FILES
.TP
.B ~/.flush
Default configuration directory.

.SH BUGS
On startup Flush finds already running instances via DBus session bus. Therefore it is necessary to run Flush in a single session bus (usual in X session bus) to prevent running several instances with one configuration path. 
.PP
Please notice that when you are running Flush from console or by cron, when DISPLAY environment variable is not available, Flush finds already running GUI instance without problems via ${config_path}/dbus_session link, which all GUI instances are creating when they have owned DBus name. This makes it possible to control running Flush GUI instances from cron.

.SH AUTHOR
Flush was written by Konishchev Dmitry <konishchev@gmail.com>.
.br
This manual page was written by Konishchev Dmitry <konishchev@gmail.com>.
